Oh
it's too big see what's in the big red 8
days Eddie Wow
oh my oh my
Wow actually I think cuz you're saying
is too big on you to see fits on the big
red it's too big heavy yeah it doesn't
go in not to make a big a red egg yeah
a bigger giant red egg oh dear yeah
let's get it down let's get it in well
savvy y'see SEBI what is this this is
this is wise transformers for start C
transformers and it's stompin chomp
Grimlock for ages 5 plus C is you're too
young still selling your any 3 this is
another daddy's toy then and and and and
miss Lloyd it's huge
she which is my first email and things
happen it's got batteries things happen
yeah
exciting intercity it's exciting just
try me try me
oh yeah fine it's actually quite scary
Luther yeah it's it's a dinosaur isn't
it's heavy
all right okay let's do this nameless
let's try and get out the box okay nice
to know you're on the screen is that
fake it's that big it's not me really on
the screen
what about sword yeah so far yeah also
when you stood up hold his hand
yeah yes that's what the soldier hey
come the men on the top I mean looking
through some semi what no
Wow
scary scary huh see scary
there's gum left shoe falls away okay
transform into a robot nice never come
back
these transform did you robot yeah
mister the tail nothing tell stays tail
stays so dings hands just kicks in there
and there yes with your sword you're
going to close it no no you did with
that hand on there look on there sit by
min okay and push forward
I feel pretty alternative I go missing
pretty good isn't it so hey maybe it's a
bit big I think you'll get used to it
though so they said the Optimus Prime
you get in the box and he's pretty much
plastic with a painted painted blue
boots a bit of red it's just paying I
think really moves she's a still figure
his arms don't move his excellent move
even this is pretty big like here's my
big finger that's good three inches and
what a frame the dinosaur back on when
he's back of his neck you see these two
areas open up and the guns are folded in
the moment yeah so watch the guns as I
put him in he's from the back seats here
there's a gun on his side and the gun on
that side when his feet touch on the
ground they come out so you had this one
come out spinning and that wood came out
like sheets as well those little noises
yeah don't do that again
go around
there his feet oh he yeah
pretty cool huh I went and he said his
magnet so he's kind of stuck there too
well off see mm-hmm that's I down okay
the other thing I noticed some salt goes
in sort of Kirsten is in his tail that
comes up pretty easily goes back in so
be said II finished playing with this
yet so they become which TV